#EXTM3U
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_1.png" group-title="",002 Vision Prime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_signature.png" group-title="Movies",006 HBO Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo.png" group-title="Movies",007 HBO
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBO/sa_dash_vmx/HBO.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cinemax.jpg" group-title="Movies",007 Cinemax
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name=" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_family.png" group-title="Movies",009 HBO Family
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo_hits.png" group-title="Movies",010 HBO Hits
https://liveanecia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_169.png" group-title="Movies",011 Hits Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_14.png" group-title="Movies",014 FOX Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FOXMoviesPremium/sa_dash_vmx/FOXMoviesPremium.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_15.png" group-title="Movies",015 Fox Family Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxFamilyMovies/sa_dash_vmx/FoxFamilyMovies.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_16.png" group-title="Movies",016 Fox Action Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxActionMovies/sa_dash_vmx/FoxActionMovies.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_18.jpg" group-title="Movies",018 Star Chinese Movie
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCM/sa_dash_vmx/SCM.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/thrill_150x150px.jpg" group-title="Movies",019 Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/celestial.png" group-title="Movies",020 Celestial Movie
http://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_22.png" group-title="Movies",022 Celestial Classic Movie*
http://
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_23.png" group-title="Movies",023 Zee Bioskop
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_24.png" group-title="Movies",024 SCM Legend
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCMlegend/sa_dash_vmx/SCMlegend.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_109.png" group-title="Movies",025 tvN Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickjr.jpg" group-title="Kids",037 Nick Jr
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/miawme150x150.jpg" group-title="Kids",038 Miao Mi
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_39.jpg" group-title="Kids",039 Boomerang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/baby_tv.png" group-title="Kids",040 Baby TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cbeebies_150.png" group-title="Kids",041 CBeebies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/disney_junior.png" group-title="Kids",043 Disney Junior
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyJunior/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyJunior.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/DisneyXD_150x150.jpg" group-title="Kids",044 Disney XD
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyXD/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyXD.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/DC_LGO_E_CYN_RGB_150x150.jpg" group-title="Kids",045 Disney Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DisneyChannel/sa_dash_vmx/DisneyChannel.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/update_june_kidschannel.jpg" group-title="Kids",046 Kids Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cartoon_network.png" group-title="Kids",047 Cartoon Network
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickelodeon.png" group-title="Kids",049 Nickelodeon
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Indosiar.png" group-title="General",078 Indosiar
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Indosiar/sa_dash_vmx/Indosiar.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_80.png" group-title="General",080 RCTI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_81.png" group-title="General",081 Global TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GlobalTV/sa_dash_vmx/GlobalTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_82.png" group-title="General",082 MNCTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_83.png" group-title="News",083 iNews
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/news_150x150.jpg" group-title="General",084 MNC News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCNews/sa_dash_vmx/MNCNews.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/news_150x150.jpg" group-title="General",085 Auto Gadjet
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AutoGadget/sa_dash_vmx/AutoGadget.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/entertainment_150x150.jpg" group-title="General",086 MNC Entertainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_87.png" group-title="General",087 Trans TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_88.png" group-title="General",088 MNC Shop
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShop/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShop.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/sctv.png" group-title="General",089 SCTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCTV/sa_dash_vmx/SCTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_91.png" group-title="General",091 Life
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Life/sa_dash_vmx/Life.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_92.png" group-title="General",092 Hidayah
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_93.png" group-title="General",093 AlQuran AlKareem
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/drama_150x150.jpg" group-title="General",094 Drama Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DramaChannel/sa_dash_vmx/DramaChannel.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_95.jpg" group-title="General",095 MNC Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MNCChannel.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_96.png" group-title="General",096 MNC Infotainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/tvone.png" group-title="General",097 TVOne
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_98.jpg" group-title="General",098 Travel&Homes*
https://
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/update_june_moviechannel.jpg" group-title="General",099 Movie Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MovieChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MovieChannel.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/iBcm_IDX.jpg" group-title="General",100 IDX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/soccer150x150.jpg" group-title="General",101 Soccer Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SoccerChannel/sa_dash_vmx/SoccerChannel.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/update_june_mncsport.jpg" group-title="General",102 MNC Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_103.jpg" group-title="General",103 Berita Satu
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/update_june_comedychannel.jpg" group-title="General",104 Comedy Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ComedyChannel/sa_dash_vmx/ComedyChannel.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_105.png" group-title="General",105 Tawaf TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/metro_tv.png" group-title="General",107 Metro TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MetroTV/sa_dash_vmx/MetroTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_110.png" group-title="General",110 Trans7
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/update_june_mncmusic.jpg" group-title="General",111 Music Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/update_june_mncmusic.jpg" group-title="General",112 Besmart
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_113.jpg" group-title="General",113 Jak TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_114.png" group-title="General",114 Rajawali TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id=" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_115.png" group-title="General",115 ANTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_116.jpg" group-title="General",116 Net TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_118.jpg" group-title="General",118 TVRI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVRI/sa_dash_vmx/TVRI.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://static.iptv-epg.com/id/JTV.id.png" group-title="General",142 JTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_106.png" group-title="General",143 Kompas TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fmn.jpg" group-title="Entertainment",150 FMN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_152.png" group-title="Entertainment",152 FoxCrime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxCrime/sa_dash_vmx/FoxCrime.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/fox_channel.png" group-title="Entertainment",153 FoxChannel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxChannel/sa_dash_vmx/FoxChannel.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/axn_150x150.jpg" group-title="Entertainment",154 AXN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_156.png" group-title="Entertainment",156 Fox Life
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/STARWorld/sa_dash_vmx/STARWorld.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="id" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Animax_150x150.png" group-title="Entertainment",157 Animax
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_0.png" group-title="Entertainment",158 tvN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_159.png" group-title="Entertainment",159 FX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FX/sa_dash_vmx/FX.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_160.jpg" group-title="Entertainment",160 HITS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/KIX_LOGO_150x150.jpg" group-title="Entertainment",161 KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/warner_tv.png" group-title="Entertainment",163 WarnerTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Untitled-1.jpg" group-title="Entertainment",164 Sony One
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_167.png" group-title="Entertainment",167 Lifetime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/wakuwakujapan_168.png" group-title="Entertainment",168 WakuWaku Japan
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WakuWakuJapan/sa_dash_vmx/WakuWakuJapan.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bbc_earth150x150.jpg" group-title="Knowledge",200 BBCEarth
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/discovery_channel.png" group-title="Knowledge",201 Discovery Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_202.png" group-title="Knowledge",202 National Geographic
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_203.png" group-title="Knowledge",203 Animal Planet
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nat_geo_wild.png" group-title="Knowledge",204 National Geographic Wild
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_206.png" group-title="Knowledge",206 History
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/logo-ci.jpg" group-title="Knowledge",207 Crime Investigation
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_240.jpg" group-title="Knowledge",241 Food Network
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoodNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/FoodNetwork.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/HGTV_150x150px-01.png" group-title="Knowledge",245 HGTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/NGP_black_150x150px.png" group-title="Knowledge",247 National Geographic People
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoPeople/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoPeople.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="TC" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_248.jpg" group-title="Knowledge",248 TLC
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_272.jpg" group-title="Music",272 Channel [V]
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelV/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/FOXsport150x150.jpg" group-title="Sports",301 FOX Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FOXSports/sa_dash_vmx/FOXSports.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/FoxSport2_150x150.jpg" group-title="Sports",302 Fox Sports2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxSports2/sa_dash_vmx/FoxSports2.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Untitled-1.png" group-title="Sports",303 Fox Sports3
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxSports3/sa_dash_vmx/FoxSports3.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fightsport.jpg" group-title="Sports",304 Fight Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-1.jpg" group-title="Sports",305 beIN Sports 1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN1/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN1.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-2.jpg" group-title="Sports",306 beIN Sports 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_330.png" group-title="News",330 Channel NewsAsia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/aljazeera.png" group-title="India",331 Al Jazeera
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeera International.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_332.jpg" group-title="News",332 BBC World News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnn_new.jpg" group-title="News",333 CNN International
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/fox_news_channel.png" group-title="News",335 Fox News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_336.png" group-title="News",336 Sky News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SkyNews/sa_dash_vmx/SkyNews.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnbc.png" group-title="News",337 CNBC
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bloomberg.png" group-title="News",338 Bloomberg TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_350.png" group-title="News",350 ABC Australia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_351.png" group-title="News",351 Arirang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/france_150px.jpg" group-title="News",352 France 24
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nhk_150.png" group-title="News",354 NHK World Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_355.jpeg" group-title="News",355 NHK World TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/dw_150.png" group-title="News",357 DW
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.clubbingtv.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/Clubbing_TV_logoWhiteCircle-150x150-1.png" group-title="Music",27x Clubbing TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ClubbingTV/sa_dash_vmx/index.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://cinemaworld.asia/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/CMW-Logo_Gold.png" group-title="Movie",02X CinemaWorld
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd
